#0#
lesson 1 consonant : mm high frequency words : 1 , a objectives • to match the sound my to the better m • to 1 he uppercase and lowercase • to read high frequency words 1 and a materials • sound /spdj1ng can mm • 8 under words came : 1 , my , like , the , he , to • word cards and for each child teacher resource book , p . 113 • practice book , page 11 g ride consonant mm introduce mm display sound spewing card mm . tell children that the some of this better is m . touch the card . say m , and have children say the better name . touch the card several time and have children say m each time . write mm model how to write uppercase m and lowercase m on the board as follow : better talk for straight down , plant might , plant up , down . better talk for m up and c u ne down , 'spe111ng card m up and curve down . practice have children practice writing uppercase m and lowercase m on a sheet or paper . ask the to circle their best mm . relate my to m match sound to better say at slowly . emphasizing and have the children do the some . tell the that the better m stand to the 1m / sound . point to sound /speh1ng word mm and have children say {m/. touch the card several time and have the say urns each time . practice distribute word builder card m . tell children : 111 say some words . of the word began with the fm / sound . hold up you m card . of it does not began with 1m / , do not hold up you say the words map , once , do , book , funny , and other , having children hold up their m card for each word that began with the 1m / sound . the tell children 111 say some of the word end with the to / sound , hold up you m card . of it does not and with fm of do not hold up you card . say the words mum , state , cap , room , a , and team , having children hold up their m card to each word that end with the sound . 0 high frequency words : 1 . a introduce write the word on board . • point to and read r . have children read it with you • say : con run last . • display the word card 1 . say : r . • match the word card to the word an the board , say the word , and have children say it with you . write words the board . • point to and read a . have children read it with you say : we have a not . • display the word word d . say : a . match the word card to the word on the board , say the word , and have children say it with you . guided practice duplicate word words 1 and a teacher resource book . p . 23 ) for each child . distribute the word cards for have children point to the word and read it . tell children that you 111 how the words , and then the see , the should say the word and point to it on their card . hold up the fo11ow1ng word cards in random order until children consistently identify the word 1 . like the distribute the word words for a . have children point to the word and read it . hold up the fo11ow1ng word cards in random order until children consistently identify the word a . he to a book . p . 11 lesson • inventory unit 13
#1#
lesson 2 consonant : uses high frequency words : my , the objectives • to match the sound /s/to the better 5 to mate uppercase and lowercase 'ettej3 read high frequency words my and the materials • sound /spo11ng card ss word in de cards s came : my the , m , go , go , to , that , for • "'o1d words mind the for child : teacher resource book , practice book , page 12 grade 1 — consonant ss introduce sound /5pemng word ss . tell children hot the some of this better is s . touch the word , say 5 , and have children say the under name . touch the word several time and have children say s each time . writers model how to write uppercase s and lowercase 5 on the board as fo11on : better talk for s and down ; the curve might and around . practice have children practice writing uppercase s and lowercase s on o sheet do paper . ask the to circle their best . relate is / to s match sound to better say rock slowly , employ zing /s\, and have the children do the some . tell the that the better 5 stand for the sound . point to sound /spenjng card ss and children say is of touch the word several time and have her say coach time . practice distribute word but 'dercqrd s . tell children : 1 111 some words . of the word began with the is / sound , hold up you s card . of it does not began with is / , do not hold up you word . say the words or , bat , say , can , see , kitten , and soak , having children hold up their s hold for each word that began with the 5 sound . the tell children : 1 111 say some words . of the word end with the is sound . hold up you s card . of it does not and with do not hold up you card . say the words miss , room , as . yes , good , and but , having children hold up their word for each word that end with the is sound high frequency words : my , the introduce my write the word my on the board . • point to and read my . have children read it with you . say : you are my friends . • display the word card my . say : my . match the word card to the word on the board , say the word , and have children say it with you introduce the write the word the on the board . • point and read the . have children read 11th you . • say : it is listen to the music . • display the word card the , say : match the word card to the word on the board , say the word , have children say it with you . guided practice duplicate word cards my and the teacher resource book , p . 23 ) for each child . distribute the word words for my . have children point to the word and read it . tell children you 111 how the words , and then the see my , the should say the word and point to it on their word . hold up the fo11ow1ng word cards in random order until children consistently identify the word my . to go do distribute the word words for the . have children point to the word and read it . hold up the fo11ow1ng word cards in random order until children consistently identify the word the . the to a practice p . 12 lesson 2 • inventory unit
#2#
lesson 3 consonant : err high frequency words : go , to objectives • match the sound to the • 1 he uppercase and letters • to end high frequency words g materials • card • word cards : go , 10 , for my on , do , why , you word words go motor each child : teacher resource p . • practice book , pages grade 1 1 consonant or introduce display sound /5pewng card or . tell children that the name this better is r . touch the card , say r . and have children say the better name , touch the word several time and have children say r time . write rf model how to wrote uppercase r and 1onertase on the board as follow : 1etterta1k for down , curve and around , plant might . me * talk for r down . curve might . practice have children practice writing uppercase r and lowercase r on o sheet of paper . ask the to circle their best it . relate are to match sound to better say raccoon slowly , emphasizing / r / , and have the children do the some . tell the thatched better r stand for the sound . point to sound /spef11ng card grand have children say 'r/. touch the card several time and have the say each time . practice distribute word builder card tell children : 1 111 say some words . of the word began with the sound . hold up your r word . of it doesn began with /r1. do not hold up you word . say the words rock , rope , mouse , and , read . note , and rabbit , having children hold up their r card for each word that began with the are sound . the tell children : 1 111 say some words . of thewords end with the sound , hold up you r card . of it does not and with do not hold up you card . say the words hear , him , door , go , flower , and far , having children hold up their card each word that end with the are sound _ high frequency words ; go , to introduce go write the word go on the board . • point to and read go . have children read or you , • it is time to go hove . • display the word card go . say : go . match the word can to the word on the board , so the word , and have children say it with you . introduce to write the word to on the board . • point to and read to . have children read it with you • say : it is go to the work . • display the word card to . say : to . match the word card to the word on the board , say the word , and have children say it with you . guided practice duplicate word words go and to preacher resource 800 . p . 23 ) to each child . distribute the word words for go . have children point to the word and read it . tell children thatyou 111 how the words , and then the see go , the should say the word and point it un their card . hold up the fo11ow1ng word cards in random order until children consistently identify the word go . my on go distribute the word words for to . have children point to the word and read it , hold up the fo11ow1ng word cards in random order until children consistently identify the word to . to you a practice 300 . p . 13 lesson 3 • inventory unit
#3#
lesson 4 consonant : tnt high frequency words : like , he objectives to match the sound n of the heffer t to upper rose and jones case to read high frequency v .on-}s like materials • sound ,'spe/11ng ne , he her , mine , • and he child : 800 , p . 23 • front c grade consonant it introduce display your ,d/spewnq card n . tell children that the some of this is r . touch the word , say j , and have children say the better name . touch the word several time and have children say each time write it added bug of to mate uppercase r or d 1owercase to the board os follow : better talk for t down , across at the to . never talk for t down . across in the middle . sound /spe111ng practice h cut children practice writing uppercase and lowercase to sheet of paper . ask them to circle their best to relate it / to t match to better turtle slowly , emphos171nq the 1n1t1a1 and have the children and the some . tell the the better t stand for the sound . point to funds spewing can } and have children say touch the card several time and have the say to each time . practice distribute word bundercard t . tell children : 111 say some words . of the word began with the to sound , hold up you t card . of it does not began with /t/, do not hold up you card . smythe words to , run . time . get ; and , ice , and to , having children hold up their ! for each word that began with the it of sound . the tell ch 1 'dren: 111 say some words . of the word end with the to sound , hold up your t word , it does not and with it / , do not hold up you word . say the words can , got , bat grass , fruit , and not , having children hold up their t word for each word that end with the sound . high frequency words : like , he introduce like write the word like on the board . • point to and read like . have children read it with you . say : that color do you like most ? display the word card joke . say : like . • match the word to the word on the board , say the word , and have children say it with you . introduce he write the word he on the board . point to and read he . have children read it with you . say : he as brown yes . • display the word card he . say : he . notch the wm word to the word on the board , say the word , and have children say it with you . guided practice duplicate card words like and he teacher resource 800 , p . 43 ) for each child . distribute the card for like . hove children point to the word and read it . tell children that you 11 how the words , and then the see '1ke, the should say the word and point to it on their word . hold up the fo11ow1ng word cards in random order until children consistently identify the her name to like distribute the word words to he . have children point to the word and read in hold up the fo11ow1ng on } words in odom order until children consistently identify the word he . he up go practice book , lesson 4 • inventory unit
#4#
